hey everybody's acronym is 92 here got
inbox super guys today it's probably I
know it's really late in a day and I
haven't made too many videos recently
I'm trying to get some time to make some
sonic lost world gameplay videos that'll
be hopefully on my new channel I'm
trying to open it up
I'm only opening up because I need to
get more gameplay videos up and I want
to use that channel for mainly gameplay
this one my the one I have now is
probably just need for unboxings and
just updates and that's really it now
because I'm going to be making a new
channel hopefully soon if I could figure
out how to recreate one but anyway the
unboxing is for Call of Duty ghosts for
Wii U the only reason I got this game is
because I like online multi-player games
a lot and my family loves this kind of
game series and I have a feeling they'd
like it on the Wii U more than 360
versions and ps3 so that's reason why I
got it because I knew this would be a
better version they'd seen the ratings
for this game not very good except for
the Wii U version did very great the Wii
version got they got like eight and a
half out of ten compared together Scott
like three or four out of ten so guess
which one won Wii U I'm totally glad for
that let's open this up and I know it's
definitely out my comic game series
trust me I'm still Mario
trust me Mario's my favorite ever and
you nothing can beat but anyway here it
is Call of Duty ghosts for we you glad
supports the game the pro controller
except like one of my favorite rollers
for the system so far other than gamepad
and now shocking it's very similar to
black ops 2 one a Wii U plain black
nothing really original and no
instruction manual just single page
thingy that's kind of boring really
really disappointing how a lot of games
nowadays are getting manuals have really
sad about that
but anyway that's really for this video
tell me what you guys think in the
comments below what you guys think of
the game for yourself anyway
yeah decently excited for this game I
don't care for storyline to these kind
of games because it's too gruesome
that's why just like the online
multi-player play with friends all kind
of stuff that's it for this video make
sure to comment like and subscribe see
you guys later and God bless